reliable traction on all terrains with
four motion the intelligent all-wheel
drive system in the Gulf
whether dynamic cornering slick surfaces
or steep grades the golf for motion
masters every situation this all-wheel
drive system recognizes driving
situations and anticipates how to react
it distributes the right amount of power
from the engine to each of the four
wheels to ensure that the golf for
motion always has the required amount of
all-wheel drive quick and matched to the
driving situation and road surface the
4motion all-wheel drive principle is
based on the intelligent called X clutch
system it is activated electronically
adapting the drive to the specific
driving situation while the front wheels
are always driven the Haldex clutch
controls the permanent all-wheel drive
by continuously regulating the power to
the rear wheels almost instantly the
electronic hydraulic pump builds up
pressure for variable actuation of a
multi-plate clutch this is how the
fifth-generation Haldex clutch allows
the dynamic driving systems to directly
intervene in the all-wheel drive all
control systems such as ESC and the eds
electronic differential lock work in
tandem with 4motion they regulate the
drive power separately for each wheel so
that all-wheel Drive is effective
precisely where required
in difficult terrain the 4motion takes
full advantage of its technological
features as in this example the front
wheels begin to lose traction for motion
reacts immediately by increasing the
drive power to the rear wheels this
quick intervention ensures that the car
continues to drive safely and reliably
over the slippery area
4motion also helps when towing heavy
loads or driving uphill both reduce the
weight on the front wheels the system
recognizes immediately when the traction
decreases the Haldex clutch closes
further thereby increasing the drive
power to the rear wheels this additional
power to the rear wheels ensures
reliable pulling power on hills Weir's
or without trailer
for motion guarantees maximum traction
perfect on slick call snowy roads when
the entire surface is slippery
the drive power is distributed uniformly
once a wheel loses traction the eds
electronic differential lock applies the
brake on that wheel ensuring that the
power flows to the wheels with traction
this separate control for all wheels
guarantees optimum directional stability
on slippery roads with its highly
dynamic control for motion also supports
sporty driving for example for fast
cornering distribution of the power to
all four wheels provides the tires with
higher grip in bends moreover for motion
offers an XD S Plus feature which gently
applies the brakes on the inside wheels
making the car handle better and react
with greater stability and agility for
motion they all wheel drive